[Master] release/v1.5.6 QA Sign-off (#394)
klaytn/caver-js: README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo/caver-js.png" width="200" alt="caver-js" />
</p>

# caver-js

caver-js is a JavaScript API library that allows developers to interact with a
Klaytn node using a HTTP or Websocket connection. 

> ## Table of contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Table of Contents
```

(아래도 전부 첫 글자가 대문자이길래 바꾸면 좋을 것 같아서요)

$ npm install caver-js@X.X.X
```

## Getting Started

> If you want to run your own EN (Endpoint Node), see [EN Operation Guide](https://docs.klaytn.com/node/endpoint-node) to set up. You can connect EN like below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run your own EN (Endpoint Node), see [EN Operation Guide](https://docs.klaytn.com/node/endpoint-node) to set up. You can connect the EN as shown below:
```
